ENH add safe_import_context.import_from to import from benchmark/utils (#286)
benchopt/benchopt: doc/advanced.rst

This method takes as input the previous value where the objective
function have been logged, and output the next one. For instance,
if a solver needs to be evaluated every 10 iterations, we would have

.. code-block::

    class Solver(BaseSolver):
        ...
        def get_next(self, stop_val):
            return stop_val + 10

.. _benchmark_utils_import:

Reusing some code in a benchmark
--------------------------------

In some situations, multiple solvers need to have access to the same
functions. As a benchmark is not structured as proper python packages
but imported dynamically to avoid installation issues, we resort to
a special way of importing modules and functions defined for a benchmark.

First, all code that need to be imported should be placed under
``BENCHMARK_DIR/utils/``, as described here:

.. code-block::

    my_benchmark/
    ├── objective.py  # contains the definition of the objective
    ├── datasets/
    ├── solvers/
    └── utils/
        ├── helper1.py  # some helper
        └─── helper_module  # some solver
            ├── __init__.py  # some solver
            └── submodule1.py  # some solver

> Then, these modules and packages can be imported using the method :func:`benchopt.safe_import_context.import_from`. This method

Author: ```suggestion
Then, these modules and packages can be imported using the method
:func:`benchopt.safe_import_context.import_from`. This method
```

takes as input the name of the module as a string and optionally

> the name of the object to load. It can be used as

Author: ```suggestion
the name of the object to load. The imported package can
either be a simple ``*.py`` file or a more complex package
with a ``__init__.py`` file. The naming convention for import
is the same as for regular import, with submodules
separated with ``.``.
```
